Add explanation for "CN" (#16714)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/authentication.md

the risks and the mechanisms to protect the CA's usage.

* `--requestheader-client-ca-file` Required. PEM-encoded certificate bundle. A valid client certificate must be presented and validated against the certificate authorities in the specified file before the request headers are checked for user names.

> * `--requestheader-allowed-names` Optional.  List of Common Name(CN)s. If set, a valid client certificate with a CN in the specified list must be presented before the request headers are checked for user names. If empty, any CN is allowed.

Reviewer: How about:
```suggestion
* `--requestheader-allowed-names` Optional.  List of Common Name values (CNs). If set, a valid client certificate with a CN in the specified list must be presented before the request headers are checked for user names. If empty, any CN is allowed.
```
? (and also for `content/en/docs/tasks/access-kubernetes-api/configure-aggregation-layer.md`)
Does that read better?

Author: LGTM!!  I'll fix it.
